well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today I'm gonna Squatch a rumor
and apparently it's gaining ground so
we're gonna get rid of that we're gonna
do that by acting as if we wanted to do
it we're gonna talk about the numbers we
would need to do it and conduct a little
feasibility study to see if we could
basically what's going on is there are
people who are in search of clicks and
revenue who are using the current
situation to enrich themselves is what
it boils down to to scare people yeah
there's gonna be some drastic actions
taken over the next few weeks in the
United States no doubt it's probably
gonna happen however the idea that
sometime in the next few days martial
law is going to be declared coast to
coast that's not going to happen that's
not a thing if you don't want to watch
the rest of the video I will just tell
you now that's not a thing it's not
gonna happen we're gonna break down
exactly why it literally can't happen
first martial law is a specific thing
martial law means direct control of
civilian offices by the military
that's what martial law is the National
Guard showing up to help or secure
something after a hurricane or in any
kind of event like that that's a not
martial law that's a state of emergency
it's different they are under civilian
control typically the governor okay but
let's say we're in power and we want to
enact martial law across the United
States okay given the prevalence of
firearms in the United States and that
trends that are combat-trained we have
to approach this as if we are dealing
with a nation we have
occupied the most ready example where
the numbers are still fresh in
everybody's mind is Iraq in 2008 we had
roughly 180,000 troops there in addition
to that there were 30 to 50,000 host
nation troops Iraqi national troops
we're gonna use the low end just because
so we're up to 210 thousand troops you
also have the Iraqi police and the
non-state actors who were very very good
at keeping or the Allied non-state
actors we're not going to count them at
all
not gonna count the cops or the
non-state actors those are just gonna
parallel and knock out the US police and
and so we don't have to worry about
adding that out we're going to focus on
the military 210,000 now can the Army in
the Marines filled 210 thousand troops
absolutely
absolutely they could do that in pretty
short order the problem is the
population of Iraq at the time in 2008
was 29 million the United States has 320
million so 10 times so you need 10 times
as many troops you need 2.1 million
troops there's other factors that will
briefly go over here later that make it
even more difficult but we're right now
we're just gonna stick with that so we
want to do it we need to come up with
2.1 million troops well the Army and the
Marines go to them can they fill that no
if we used everybody in the army and
everybody in the Marines we would get to
almost a third of what we would need so
we have to tap into the National Guard
the Army Reserves and marine reservist
got to call all of them up if we call
all of them up we're about half way to
where we need to get to
so then comes the Navy in the airforce
we're mobilizing everybody needs of the
Air Force needs the Navy
y'all are off the boats on the land
we're close enough now where we could
try understand at this point we have
called up literally everyone everyone
that we have the ability to call up
brought everyone home from overseas
pulled sailors off of boats done
everything we can
that's what it would take that's what it
would take to get close then we also
have to factor in the fact that the
United States is 20 times the size of a
rocket with a whole bunch of different
terrain makes logistics even harder
requires more troops the idea that
sometime soon they are going to declare
martial law coast to coast it's not a
thing
it is not going to happen now could they
do it in certain areas yeah they could
would they
no there's no reason to declare martial
law they can use the National Guard if
they have to enforce a shelter-in-place
or something like that and it wouldn't
be martial law it would still be under
civilian Authority so even in the
scenarios where it might occur where
something that appears to be martial law
you know troops on the street it's still
not actually martial law now the reason
I want to talk about this is because the
underlying theme is that people need to
get ready to fight back against this
that's dangerous because it is extremely
likely the National Guard medical units
show up the idea that people should be
ready to respond to them that's
dangerous
they're there to help if you want to
make sure that you don't have the
National Guard patrolling your streets
telling you to stay in your home here's
a crazy idea
wash your hands don't touch your face
stay at home practice social distancing
follow the suggestions all of these
things that are becoming like orders
they were suggestions first I don't
think it's a good idea to try to rally
people to resist those who are trying to
save their lives just stay home you're
not going to have to worry about this
but I cannot envision a scenario in
which martial law true martial law is
declared in the United States I don't
see it happening we have so many
civilian mechanisms that it's
unnecessary it's not going to happen
please stop spreading that you can get
somebody heart anyway
i'ma say it again wash your hands don't
touch your face stay at home practice
social distancing follow the advice of
the medical professionals who are trying
to save your life
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night